Feat(cv_deploy): Add verification of the duplicated devices (#4889)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/cv_deploy/README.md

cv_skip_missing_devices: true
```

> Presence of the same `serial_number` or `metadata.system_mac_address` values in structured configuration of multiple EOS devices may lead to the unexpected results (or even network outages) on the CloudVision side due to the possibility of pushing designed configuration of one device to another device.

Reviewer: Let's put all this into it's own subsection `Structured configuration validation` under the `Role Behavior` section.

Author: Done

> To eliminate this risk - role will always raise an error and will terminate it's execution prior to an attempt to update CloudVision in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To eliminate this risk, this role will always raise an error and will terminate it's execution prior to an attempt to update CloudVision in the following cases:
```

Author: Fixed

> - Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `serial_number` (values of `metadata.system_mac_address` are not important in this case)

Reviewer: Users don't know what metadata. is. So let's just refer to `system_mac_address`.
```suggestion
- Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `serial_number` (values of `system_mac_address` are not important in this case)
```

Author: Fixed

> - Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `metadata.system_mac_address` and have `serial_number` values unset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `system_mac_address` and have `serial_number` values unset
```

Reviewer: same elsewhere.

Author: fixed

> By default - role will not raise/terminate and will only warn user (with log message and returned `cv_deploy_results.warnings`) about present inconsistency in input structured configuration files in the following case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this role will warn the user about inconsistencies in the structured configuration files in the following case:
```

Author: Fixed

- Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `metadata.system_mac_address` but unique `serial_number` values

> This later usecase by default should not lead to an unexpected results on a CloudVision (as role overwrites duplicated `metadata.system_mac_address` values based on the real values fetched from the CloudVision using devices' unique `serial_number`s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having duplicate `system_mac_address` but unique `serial_number` will not lead to unexpected results on CloudVision as the `serial_number` takes precedence.
```

Author: Fixed

> Setting role's variable `cv_tolerate_duplicated_devices` to `false` will change that later behavior and will cause role to raise an error even if structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices contain the same `metadata.system_mac_address` but unique `serial_number` values.

Reviewer: Suggesting a rename, since the toggle is limited to this corner case.
```suggestion
To force an error to always be raised in case of duplicate `system_mac_address`, set the `cv_strict_system_mac_address` to `true`
```

Author: Fixed

cv_workspace_build_timeout: 300
```

##### Structured configuration validation

Presence of the same `serial_number` or `system_mac_address` values in structured configuration of multiple EOS devices may lead to the unexpected results (or even network outages) on the CloudVision side due to the possibility of pushing designed configuration of one device to another device.

> To eliminate this risk, this role will always raise an error and will terminate it's execution prior to an attempt to update CloudVision in the following cases:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To eliminate this risk, this role will always raise an error and will terminate its execution before updating CloudVision in the following cases:
```

Author: Fixed

> - Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `serial_number` (values of `system_mac_address` are not important in this case)
> - Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `system_mac_address` and have `serial_number` values unset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `serial_number` (values of `system_mac_address` are not important in this case).
- Structured configuration files of two or more targeted devices have the same `system_mac_address` and have `serial_number` values unset.
```

Author: Fixed
